=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=for :stopwords Ferenc Erki CPAN sponsorware

=head1 NAME

Rex::Hook::File::Impostor - execute file management commands of Rex on a copy instead of the original

=head1 VERSION

version v0.0.0.1

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Rex::Hook::File::Impostor;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module lets Rex execute file management commands on a copy of the file instead of the original one.

This could be particularly useful when it is loaded conditionally to be combined with other modules. For example together with L<Rex::Hook::File::Diff|https://metacpan.org/pod/Rex::Hook::File::Diff>, it could be used to show a diff of file changes without actually changing the original file contents.

It works by installing a L<before hook|https://metacpan.org/pod/Rex::Commands::File#Hooks> for file commands, which makes a copy of the original file into a temporary directory, and then overrides the original arguments of the L<file commands|https://metacpan.org/pod/Rex::Commands::File#file>.

=head1 DIAGNOSTICS

This module does not do any error checking (yet).

=head1 CONFIGURATION AND ENVIRONMENT

It uses the same temporary directory that is used by Rex. Therefore it can be configured with L<set_tmp_dir|https://metacpan.org/pod/Rex::Config#set_tmp_dir>:

    Rex::Config->set_tmp_dir($tmp_dir);

This module does not use any environment variables.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

See the included C<cpanfile>.

=head1 INCOMPATIBILITIES

There are no known incompatibilities with other modules.

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

There are no known bugs. Make sure they are reported.

=head1 AUTHOR

Ferenc Erki <erkiferenc@gmail.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2020 by Ferenc Erki.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 3, June 2007

This software is also a sponsorware that is made available exclusively to my GitHub sponsors under the terms above in the initial development phase. It will be open sourced as soon as a goal of 4 sponsors is reached.

Until then however, I kindly ask you to don't distribute beyond what is necessary for your own use cases, as it would render the sponsorware model pointless. Instead, I encourage you to convince those who are interested in it to sponsor this work further in order to re-release it to a wider audience as soon as possible.

You are contributing towards a more sustainable open source ecosystem, and I'm grateful beyond measure for that. Thank you for your support!

=cut
